Hi Team!

May we request if you can atleast add some important features in the Runblox App.
Here are some important features that will surely help the community.

Sorting: 
1. Price (Low-High; High-Low): I've noticed you already have this but it's not accurate.
2. Newest-Oldest

Shoe Display: 
Since I've been in the other m2e app, best if you could also include in the shoe attributes
The (Base; Base+Points) options. This is to check the base attributes of the sneakers
Either the seller already included points in the attributes or not. With this,
the buyer will be able to see if the sneaker has a good base stat or not.

Sound: 
If you can also add sound notification everytime the energy gets lessen.
If there's a notification, the users will not always check the energy status since they can
hear the sound of energy getting deducted.

Additional:
Best if you could control the minting prior launch so the 
Marketplace will not be floodes by sneakers. Since you open for beta tester only,
and codes were distributed gradually, if minting will continue way before public launching,
There will be an oversupply of sneakers and will cause floor price to decrease drastically.

Also, please include buyback and burn program before the public launch if there will be
an oversupply of sneakers. Best if you could also consider to do Buyback and Burn of sneakers
and rux quarterly. With this, the community will be very happy and will not think
of a fly by night project just like other p2e/m2e projects which has
failed. Tokenomics is the basis of projects success. Not DAU or anything else.
Many projects failed because they focus on increasing rapidly the DAU,
90-95% of p2e projects failed due to overminting of token. Oversupply of nft items. Never let tokenomics die. 
Continue to do brand partnership, teasers in future projects, mostly, corporate partnerships.
Constant communication from the devs to community will also helps to gain the trust and confidence
of the community. Learn from other projects failure. 
So the team can anticipate the situations. There's always a saying:
Prevention is better than cure. Right? Cheers! :) 

🍻😊🙏
